---
iip: 59
title: Illuvium Alliance Program
status: Pending
sponsor: Kieran Warwick
discussions-to: https://discord.com/channels/760344898200666112/1229734551006216193
---

## Summary
This proposal Introduces the Illuvium Alliance Program, which incentivises content creators, partners, and guilds to refer their audiences to play Illuvium. The program will provide participants with a dashboard to monitor their referrals, track revenue generated, and calculate their earnings in ETH. The program aims to increase player acquisition and retention while generating significant revenue for the DAO. 

## Specification
### Objectives
- Increase Player Acquisition: We aim to attract a larger player base by leveraging the influence of content creators, partners, and guilds.
- Amplify Engagement: Requiring referees to re-enter referral codes every 30 days will ensure continuous promotion of Illuvium.
- Boost Revenue: The program should generate substantial revenue for the DAO through increased player spending.
- Support Guild Activities: Guilds can use their commissions to fund internal competitions and prizes, stimulating their communities.

## Implementation Details
### Eligibility Criteria:
Participants must have a minimum of 500 followers on at least one social media platform. Eligible platforms include Twitter, YouTube, Twitch, TikTok, Instagram, and Facebook.

#### 1. Participant Dashboard:
- A dedicated dashboard for participants (content creators, partners, and guilds) to log in and track their performance.
- The displayed metrics include the number of players referred, the total revenue generated by these players, and the ETH earned by the participant.

#### 2. Referral Code System:
- Assign each participant a unique referral code.
- Referral codes must be re-entered by users every 30 days to maintain their validity in the user's account. This requires participants to actively promote their codes.

#### 3. Tier Classification:
We will classify participants into tiers based on the monthly revenue generated by their referrals.
- (Tier 0) Illuvium Initiate: 0 - 0.1 ETH in monthly revenue. 
- (Tier 1) Illuvium Explorer: 0.1 - 0.5 ETH in monthly revenue.
- (Tier 2) Illuvium Advocate: 0.5 - 2 ETH in monthly revenue.
- (Tier 3) Illuvium Champion: 2 - 5 ETH in monthly revenue.
- (Tier 4) Illuvium Hero: 5 - 10 ETH in monthly revenue.
- (Tier 5) Illuvium Legend: 10+ ETH in monthly revenue.

#### 4. Commission System:
- (Tier 0) Illuvium Initiate: 0% commission on purchases. 
- (Tier 1) Illuvium Explorer: 3% commission on purchases.
- (Tier 2) Illuvium Advocate: 7.5% commission on purchases.
- (Tier 3) Illuvium Champion: 10% commission on purchases.
- (Tier 4) Illuvium Hero: 12.5% commission on purchases. 
- (Tier 5) Illuvium Legend: 17.5% commission on purchases.

#### 5. Earnings and Distribution:
- Participants will receive their respective percentage of the purchases made by players they refer.
- We will distribute earnings in ETH.
- Before Revenue Distributions (Rev Dis), we will deduct the total income from the referral program.

## Rationale
The Illuvium Alliance Program is inspired by Fortnite’s Support-A-Creator program, which has successfully leveraged creators’ influence to boost player acquisition and spending. We can expect significant growth in our player base and overall revenue by offering a tiered revenue share system and continuous incentives to promote the game. This program benefits individual creators, partners, and guilds, driving more revenue for the DAO and contributing to the sustainable development of the Illuvium ecosystem.
